# U1.W2: Chrome Dev Tools Challenge Reflection

* Describe the Document Object Model? What about it makes sense to you? What doesn't? What seems good and bad about it?
* How did using Chrome Web Tools to look at your site and a wordpress.com site compare?
* Did you find Chrome Web Tools fun, helpful, or a pain to work with?
* Did you have an "aha" moments or were any concepts solidified?
* Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it.

* The DOM provided me with useful insight on html and javascript. From my understanding html is just text not a language, but once you push your text to a browser it appears differently, meaning you're able to view your html as the newly built website. Or maybe you're not a web developer so just viewing the webpage has not meaning to it. However, the DOM is what is processing the html text and converting it into what we see in the web browser. It has methods that selects html text to run it on the browser. I think the coolest part but also challenginge part is learning how to code in Javascript. Also, every web browser has its own DOM, which would explain why some html types don't functions the same as it would for another browser. From my understanding JS is manipulating the DOM that helps runs your web page so you're able to change certain aspects of the webpage such as optimizing speed. I'm pretty sure I have a pretty clear understandin of the DOM, still don't know JS code but I do understand its meaning, and getting better with html. What's good about the DOM & using JS to manipulate it is you're able to discern the web page differently. For example, I learned that I am able to remove and manipulates the selectors and classes with JS. What could be bad about it? Well, if you don't know what you're doing it could make for a messy web page. 

* Well, when I look at my webpage the the network tab provided no information about download speeds, which makes complete sense since I am not using any videos in my web page yet. Also, as a side note I was really impressed with wordpress.com. I am considering registering for it because you can see who looks at what blogs you post and so forth, AWESOMENESS! I also have no local storage in the chrome tools compared to wordpress.com. I mean, these are professional. Give me some time ;) 

* Chrome web tools was hella fun because I able to read over Javascript and enlighten myself with new information I had never come across before. In addition, chrome web tools provided me with helpful tactics for how to minify files so I am able to optimize the web page speed. In today's society we're all about expediting everything anything from grocery shopping, to internet speed connections, to learning code qiucker (dbc :) ). So, chrome web tools will prove to be even more helpful once I start building stronger, heavier coded web pages. It was unique start trying to find all the selectors and utlizing JS, but I wouldn't say a pain at all! 

* Hmmm. Any 'aha' moments? Honestly, I think I was seriously into DOM and chrom web tools with strong fluidity, so I fortunately didn't struggle, but unfortunately not 'aha' moments this round :( 

* At some points I was struggling on how to print the text, because I was using an ASCII symbol with the single quotes ' ' when all I needed to do was use to " " quotes http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5160823/call-a-function-on-dom-ready-from-outside-head. Other than that I enjoy the resources that DBC has providede me with. Stack overflow is so legit though 8) Oh also tried to print a warning and I looked up the method https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/console.warn

